<h1>DDR SEARCH</h1><br>
<h3>A website made to act as a central location for important documents, wikis, and apps for all things DDR related.</h3>

DDR Search was deployed using Firebase and made using React JS was solely developed by me. There are five main components to this website that will have their function and development process documented below. DDR Search is my first attempt at a front end project and was my first largescale project. I learned many things including how to use state and effect in react, important CSS rules like flexbox, and media queries. This website does utilize media queries but I would say they are only functional to about 1300px width. Any device that has a viewport smaller than 1300px will likely see a very broken website. <b>UPDATE the website is not mobile friendly and barely functions. </b>

<h2>Navigation Bar</h2> <br>
DDR Search has a fixed nav bar at the top of the site. there are then four buttons that use a tags and links to take you to different portions of the website with a scroll animation as opposed to an instant jump. There was no real challenge in creation a navigation bar as it has become somewhat of a trivial task but making it accessible on different viewports was definitely a challenge. For future reference it is important to consider how the buttons or elements in the navbar are grouped together in a container when you try to change their size as not does the size of the elements change but also the space between them.

<h2>2. About page</h2> <br>
A simple header, body, and image that animates. There were no technical problems with this section, however, this is the first section to implement the scroll effects that are present in the website. Upon scrolling to a different segment of the website the text flies in from the side and unblurs the component. This was done using an IntersectionObserver and assigning elements with a "invisible" and "active" classname accordingly.

<h2>3. Search page</h2> <br>
The search section consists of a search button that, when clicked, activates a search bar for the user to enter a song name. To make the "search engine" I first built a webscraper (https://github.com/Hajurian/ddrwebscraping) and used it on the official Konami website containing all of the song data (https://p.eagate.573.jp/game/ddr/ddra3/p/info/index.html). This data is stored in a JSON file within the project folder and is referenced throughout the website in multiple areas. If I could redo something I think I should've made this data a global variable so I did not have to extract the data in multiple different .jsx files. The search bar takes what the user passes in as state and then compares the entered song name with the scraped data and creates interactable cards containing song data in the space below. These cards are placed on a scrollable container so that a theoretically infinite amount of cards can fit within the allotted space. The major limitation of this searching model is that I compare the values of the name and so this makes it impossible to type Japanese characters unless the user has access to a Japanese keyboard.

<h2>4. Resource bar</h2> <br>
The resource section has two parts: a resource carousel and a picture of BabyLON. The picture of BabyLON is just an img tag that is absolute in position and is placed in the appropriate space. The resource carousel contains four items: Yuisin, the most prominent DDR Youtuber's channel link, a google document to the DDR Grand Prix setup, RemyWIKI, a prominent wiki that prompted the idea for this website, and the official Konami DDR page. These items are placed on cards that can be interacted with an will open a new tab featuring their respective pages upon being clicked. The carousel itself uses an index system where each cards position is kept track of in relation to one another and swapped respectively given the direction it is moved to.

<h2>5. Song generator</h2> <br>
The song generator section is inspired by DDRTOOLS (https://ddr.tools) and their song generation system. There is a button to select (multiple) version(s) of DDR to have five random songs picked from. These versions are stored within an array, which again should've been located in some kind of global variable. Below that button are two text boxes where the user can input a minimum and maximum difficulty to have their songs generate. There are built in errors that can be handled with (ex: the minimum difficulty being greater than the maximum difficulty). The generate button below all of that creates five songs within the given parameters. This system uses mostly the same logic as the search page but rather than comparing the name it uses the given parameters as constraints for the randomly selected numbers.


